Run updateawscreds.js (govcloudmfa) (cloudmfa)
Enter 0 for the cloud mfa if you don't have that account.
launch ./deploy_aws.php
Choose the stack you are going to manage.
Refresh all, this is because we cache the results and display the last results.
Starting from a "known starting point" of stable production with 1 each of portal, useradmin, and cron servers running.
Verify the git version is what you intend to deploy.
Verify that S3 zip and gz files are reporting the same version.
deploy new version to Portal and Useradmin
After about 1 minute and before 4 minutes you should be able to detach the new instances from the load balancers.
After 5 minutes the new instances should be up and reporting the desired instances but show as not attached.
When you are ready to test swap the portal and user admin instances.
After about 10 seconds the live urls should be serving the new version of the application, you can check by navigating to version.php.
sample url https://pgsotest.selectordersgov.com/version.php
Validate that you want the the instance that is now live.
Validate that users can log in and have access.
useradmin.selectorders.com
usngov.selectorders.com
Do not accept the instance if you are unsure the site is working correctly.
If you are keeping the instance, than accept it, otherwise swap back to the old instances.
Once you have accepted the new version you will be ready to deploy the cron instance.
** note, be aware of the timing of the cron deployment to not interfere with missing cron cycles. i.e. try not to run around 1 minute after the hour (when hourly crons are scheduled) or at 3:11am when the daily dd40 cron is scheduled.
Deploy the new version to cron and wait about 30 seconds, you will see a new instance that is coming up but has no version.
Accept the new instance without a version now, this will terminate the old instance and not cause two instances running conflicting crons at the same time.
Wait 5 minutes from the time you deployed the cron instance and refresh all to validate all instances are on the correct versions.
